---
layout: post
title: Why?
subtitle: Motivation for the project.
bigimg: /img/code.jpg
tags:
  - programming
  - beginning
  - motivation
published: true
---

It's just another step in my journey, step to share the knowledge which was shared with me over the years, step to help you to live better life, step to support you in becoming the true Software Engineer.


**Who am I?**
I'm Piotr - one of the thousands of Software Engineers. It took me only 6 years to became one of the top 1% of developers in the world and work as Chief Software Architect for Crossover. I've spent last 2 years teaching people programming and with this blog I want to share my hints with wider audience so you also can be a successful Software Enginner.

No - I'm not one of those fatty programmers not leaving his basement. I'm diver, marathon runner, mountain climber, traveller and programming mentor. From time to time I will share details of my hobbys to motivate you and show programmers are not always so boring ;)


**Do I work alone?**
Software Engineering is a team sport and over the time you will meet my friends, friends who also believe that programming is the great profession and hobby. Some of them have 20 years of expirience, some several months and together we will share with you the secrets of programming world.


**What can you expect?**
Over the next months you will be a witness of the real project we create. We want to show you all perspectives of software development - writing code, testing it, deploying, automating common tasks and finally planning the programming work. It will be immersion to programming work by observing how the project is created - all open source and public.


**What will be the project?**
PFM - Personal Finance Manager - application which will help you to control your finance every day.


Piotr



